Add comprehensive OpenHands glossary (#6310)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: .openhands/microagents/glossary.md

# OpenHands Glossary

### Agent
The core AI entity in OpenHands that can perform software development tasks by interacting with tools, browsing the web, and modifying code.

#### Agent Controller
A component that manages the agent's lifecycle, handles its state, and coordinates interactions between the agent and various tools.

#### Agent Delegation
The ability of an agent to hand off specific tasks to other specialized agents for better task completion.

#### Agent Hub
A central registry of different agent types and their capabilities, allowing for easy agent selection and instantiation.

#### Agent Skill
A specific capability or function that an agent can perform, such as file manipulation, web browsing, or code editing.

#### Agent State
The current context and status of an agent, including its memory, active tools, and ongoing tasks.

#### CodeAct Agent

> A specialized agent type in OpenHands designed specifically for software development tasks and code manipulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[A generalist agent in OpenHands](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.16741) designed to perform tasks by editing and executing code.
```

### Browser
A system for web-based interactions and tasks.

> #### Browser Environment

Reviewer 2: This definition isn't filled in yet, if it matters

#### Browser Gym
A testing and evaluation environment for browser-based agent interactions and tasks.

#### Web Browser Tool
A tool that enables agents to interact with web pages and perform web-based tasks.

### Commands
Terminal and execution related functionality.

#### Bash Parser

> A component that processes and interprets bash commands and their outputs for agent interaction.

Reviewer 2: I think this implies an interaction between Bash Parser, Bash Session, and the Runtime, but it isn't spelled out. Also Bash is one specific shell, we might consider calling this Shell or Console at some point.

Reviewer: Now we have tmux integrated, i don't think we have a explicit bash parser anymore, i.e., most things are handled by tmux automatically. Maybe we could remove this to reduce confusion?

#### Prompt Caching
A system for caching and reusing common prompts to improve performance.

#### Prompt Manager
A component that handles the loading, processing, and management of prompts used by agents, including microagents.

#### Response Parsing
The process of interpreting and structuring responses from language models and tools.

### Runtime
The execution environment where agents perform their tasks, which can be local, remote, or containerized.

#### Action Execution Server
A REST API that receives agent actions (e.g. bash commands, python code, browsing actions), executes them in the runtime environment, and returns the results.

#### Action Execution Client
A component that handles the execution of actions in the runtime environment, managing the communication between the agent and the runtime.

#### Docker Runtime
A containerized runtime environment that provides isolation and reproducibility for agent operations.

#### E2B Runtime
A specialized runtime environment built on E2B for secure and isolated code execution.

#### Local Runtime
A runtime environment that executes on the local machine, suitable for development and testing.

> #### Modal Runtime

Reviewer 2: Nit. Not newlined like the others

> #### Modal Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Modal Runtime
```
